```
CognideX	"CognideX is a decentralized data marketplace built within the Polkadot ecosystem. The project incentivizes users with CGDX tokens based on the quality of the data they provide. It uses blockchain technology for data verification and privacy preservation.
No grant received from Web3 Foundation yet."	
Dazhbog	Dazhbog is a decentralized perpetual futures exchange built on Polkadot for the Polkadot Prodigy hackathon. It utilizes ink! smart contracts to facilitate peer-to-peer margin trading of perpetual contracts.	"Category 2: (Hot) Smart Contract, DeFi, AI, Layer2, DePIN, etc."
vane web3	"vane web3 is a safety application allowing users to recover mistakenly sent transactions, send without fear of loosing funds due to wrong address or network selection.
allowing to manage and customize transactions. and Starks proving on and offramp to mobile and crypto."	
Create Polka Dapp	It covers development needs from contract creation to frontend building. Also providing the tools required for creating dapps on polkadot to developers easily, with just the run of a command.	Category 1:(Infrastructure) Polkadot ecological developer tools
MultiElectionVoting	The MultiElectionVoting smart contract is designed to manage multiple elections, allowing for the registration of candidates and voters, as well as the recording of votes in a decentralized and secure manner. The contract leverages the ERC2771Context for meta-transactions, ensuring that operations are executed within the context of trusted forwarders.	
TBD	"Hi,I am in Web 3 and blockchain space for past 2 and half year and working as a blockchain developer at Gamerji and meena poker, I specialize in writing, smart contracts using Solidity, my experience across multiple domains within blockchain development, including DeFi, NFTs, RWA tokenization previously, I contributed to open-source projects and engage in freelance work through upwork and Gitcoin like platforms.

Additionally, I am attached to so many communities, like working as a program manager at the Girls Script Foundation for Flow Blockchain. I am also serving as tech lead for college communities, co-leading PolygonGuildLko, building a developer community in Lucknow, organizing roadshows and virtual /IRL meetups."	
DragonSoulBoundNFT	The goal of DragonSoulBoundNFT is to develop a platform that onboards Web3 users from existing Discord communities. The platform will provide utilities such as minting Soul Bound NFTs, which act as personal certifications for contributions within the community. These NFTs can be upgraded based on user XP points and their engagement with the community, thereby fostering growth within Web3 through Unique Network's technology.	
Polka-DID-Chain	Polka-DID-Chain is a decentralized identity management system built on Substrate. It enables the creation, update, and deletion of decentralized identifiers (DIDs), as well as issuing and revoking verifiable credentials (VCs). This project provides an on-chain DID registry, facilitating a privacy-preserving, self-sovereign identity framework compatible with the Polkadot ecosystem.	
GenomTex	Utilizing Polkadot technologies to enable decentralized proof of identity (based on genome data).	
Monetizado	"Monetizado is an on-chain pay-per-view platform that allows you to monetize any web page and static content (if you don't have access to the backend to make changes) through Web3.

With Monetizado, you can implement it on news sites, social networks, exclusive content portals, and more. You could also use it to incentivize users to pay not to see advertising on your sites."	
TBD	I have been doing web3 developement for last 1.5 year. I have experience with solidity, ethereum, metamask. I develope full stack dapps. Recently i was developing on polkadot also.	
Cyferio	as a quick introduction to what Cyferio team is working on, we are building the Trustless Modular Calculator (TMC), a modular co-processor, and rollup stack enabling verifiable FHE. TMC unlocks privacy-preserving, massively parallel execution of computations for both Web2 and Web3 applications	
DotMesh	DotMesh is a decentralized storage solution built on the Polkadot network, designed to offer secure, efficient, and scalable data storage for individuals and enterprises alike.	
24X	Founder, 4+ Years in DeFi, attended PBA-4 Hong Kong. We'd be interested in building a defi app-chain, still exploring ideas	
PrivLend	PrivLend is a Lending, borrowing and staking platform with multi collaterization features and focus on privacy	
Softlaw	Softlaw is an intellectual Property Chain.	
TBD	I have won 5x Web3 Hackathons and I was a ETHGlobal Finalist for StarkHack. I also have won Chainlink's Blockmagic.	
Voxelverses	Fully on-chain sandbox RPG and MMO where players quest, craft, and earn through permissionless modding, owning real digital assets in a dynamic, player-driven world.	"Category 2: (Hot) Smart Contract, DeFi, AI, Layer2, DePIN, etc."
Cyborg Network	Cyborg Network is developing a DePIN-based marketplace for edge computing resources, enabling latency-sensitive applications to scale globally with ease. Users can seamlessly offload specific low-latency workloads to edge locations while maintaining their core deployment in the cloud. Our vision is to serve as essential middleware at the network edge, orchestrating these tasks to reduce cloud operational costs and enhance existing cloud services. In response to user demand and recognizing the growing importance of distributed AI inference infrastructure, we are prioritizing the development of a decentralized AI compute platform leveraging ZK proofs as our go-to-market strategy.	
AssetFlow	AssetFlow is a custom blockchain built on Polkadot's Substrate framework for Real-World Asset (RWA) tokenization and management. It features AI-driven asset valuation on-chain and interoperability with other chains.	
Tokenguard	Tokenguard is an easy-to-user on-chain user segmentation & conversions measuring tool for DeFi & dApps.	
Beax	RWA based DeFi DApp.	
dAppForge	dAppForge is an AI-powered plug-in for Polkadot developers that reduces development time. The AI model will be explicitly fine-tuned for substrate and ink! We received $100,000 in funding from Angel Investor to build LLM's first iteration and the alpha version of the plug-in. This served as the POC for the product. You can also download the alpha version of the plugin from the VS code extension marketplace. The Polkadot ecosystem approved a treasury proposal of $105,000 for us to build the beta verison of the product.	
Polkattest	The goal of this project is to provide an infrastructure that enables the verification (attestation) of off-chain events, bringing them on-chain to leverage the benefits of blockchain technology, such as immutability, transparency, and decentralized security.	
Portal	Portal is a unified dashboard for dapps in the Polkadot Ecosystem that provides them deep analytics about each individual components like DAUs, MAUs, Cost per Customer for transaction sponsoring and more. It’s the goto tool to monitor & automate your dapp to reach a higher scale.	
DotTix	I'm Rishitha Madhavaram. I'm new to web3 and I would like to participate in the category2 	
Foresta	Foresta is a carbon credit engine based on the principles of Community Based Natural Reserve Management, enabling to issue carbon credits from community reserves as specialized conservation DAOs. Additionaly, Foresta provides a toolkit for dMRV (decentralized Measuring, Reporting and Validation) so that data and climate scientists share proprietary code to IPFS and through a secure enclave (TEE), it can be decrypted and deposited into a compute execute environment (probably ZK proofed) where a given project can be validated. This can be done via Jupyter notebooks as templates for climate science. Also, we can add an environmental auditor as a RAG chatbot that can use purchased proprietary code and run it to provide auditing reports for projects in real time any time a user uses it.	
ChainHires	Will be trying to build web3 based job portal where users will be able to creat an On-chain CV and apply to different roles but it will have different security and validation checks to filter out fake companies and applicants.	
TBD	We are looking to build something in Defi but still not decided.	
NexusFI	NexusFi is a cutting-edge platform that facilitates seamless cross-chain staking and restaking. By leveraging innovative technologies and a robust architecture, NexusFi aims to streamline the staking process, enhance liquidity, and maximize user rewards across  blockchain ecosystems. one stop solution for staking and restaking yeild focused.	
Glacius	I don't have idea yet. I have been working in crypto since 2017 building a lot of stuff like DeFi, Cross-chain NFT marketplace and joined Polkadot Blockchain Academy in Buenos Aires.	
Pineapple	Pineapple is a chain built for taking social apps to the next level.	
OpenTGov	opentgov is a new Telegram platform built for voting & participating in Polkadot's OpenGov. It aims at improving participation, transparency and discussion of DOT stakeholders regarding on-chain referendums.More than only discovering new spending proposals or tracking them, DOT stakeholders will be able to directly vote in telegram using the bot, in a trustless-way thanks to the proxy account mechanism.By bringing OpenGov to Telegram in a totally automated way, opentgov is redefining web3 governance for the biggest DAO ever.	Category 4: Open topic
Amalgam	Green Energy DAO.	
Gust	Gust is a gasless general purpose Substrate based blockchain with smart contracts which is focused on simplifying onboarding of consumers into the Web3 ecosystem. Gust will have native keyless account support which allows for user to use their email addresses as accounts instead of the current public/private key account system in existing blockchains.	
Blaze	We're building a Web3 payment platform that simplifies payment scheduling, invoicing, and payment link creation, making it easier than ever to manage and track stable coin payments.	
HackenProof	Web3 bug bounty platform.	
PolKarbon	Currently a final year computer science student in India. A PBA Singapore graduate looking forward to build something cool with Polkadot.	
TBD	We are a small team of web3 developers consisting of 1 lead, 1 contract&backend developer, 1 frontend developer, and 1 UI/UX designer	
XEDEX	Next generation decentralised exchange.	
PolkaShare	PolkaShare is a decentralized file and data-sharing platform that allows users to securely store, share, and manage files across multiple blockchains within the Polkadot ecosystem. The platform enables users to maintain privacy and control over their data while benefiting from the scalability, security, and interoperability of Polkadot's multi-chain architecture.	
Polka-Scan	TBD	
Karting-Hero	Karting-Hero is a web3-based 3D kart racing game developed by Marbles Studio, an indie game studio co-founded by Saleh Joe and MR Salman. The team members have extensive experience in game development and blockchain technology.	Category 4: Open topic
DoTrack	DoTrack is a transaction tracking, alert system, and coin swap platform designed for the Polkadot ecosystem. It enables users to monitor on-chain activity, receive real-time alerts, analyze transaction trends, and seamlessly swap one cryptocurrency for another.	
BUZZUP	BuzzUp is a decentralized application utilising L3 abstract account from EVM model designed to streamline the process of executing social engagement tasks and distributing rewards. It aims to replace the tedious and manual methods currently used by project admins for boosting engagement through tasks like liking social media posts, creating accounts in new platforms, discord giveaway or other actions.	
Dexel	Dexel（Decentralised Read It Later app ） is a a reimagined decentralised read-it-later reading experience built on the Polkadot network.	
DotPoints	DotPoins is a chain built for taking loyalty programs to the next level. It creates a unified ecosystem for loyalty points by leveraging Polkadot's multichain messaging, thereby generating a liquid economy. The platform is targeted at companies seeking to generate revenue through their loyalty programs. To achieve this, DotPoints introduces a staking and liquidity pool (LP)-like mechanism as a core part of its tokenomics.	
Veles	The Veles pallet is a plug and play carbon credit marketplace solution for Substrate based blockchain networks. Veles enables its user to freely and seamlessly monitor, mint, transact and retire carbon credits. Apart from the main marketplace features, Veles also provides a solution to regulate malicious behaviors within the marketplace and to mitigate the impacts of such behaviors.	Category 3: (Chain ) Building a blockchain based on Polkadot SDK
PrivateAI	PrivateAI is an AI protocol to store, process, validate and sell your data assets. 	
Evolv	Gamified engagement layer enabling omni-channel consumer activations.	
CandieVerse	Create a blockchain with a substrate with its pallets to control different stages of a platform for decentralized cinema	
ChainCraft	ChainCraft is an innovative blockchain project powered by the Polkadot SDK. It would be designed to give all developers and creators the power to craft custom chains with ease for particular use cases. Powered by Substrate, ChainCraft offers a modular, flexible framework that would let builders easily design and deploy their own parachains. From decentralized storage solutions to privacy-focused networks, gaming ecosystems, and identity chains, ChainCraft presents the ultimate toolkit in making these ideas tangible realities.	
LunaCred	Lunacred is a decentralized staking and trust-based DApp built on the Moonbeam parachain. The platform allows users to build their credibility by staking tokens and receiving stakes from others, enabling a social-proof-based ranking system. Quadratic voting mechanisms are employed to ensure that a greater number of backers contribute more to a user's credibility score rather than just the volume of tokens staked.	
Xeen	Then please confirm whether you will attend and whether the meeting time is ok?	
Surge DAO	Surge DAO	
TBD	I am a full stack web3 developer. I am skilled with solidity, js, ts and react.	
mx3d	mx3d is a tool for easily spinning up bridges for Substrate-based chains.	
TBD	I am Cloud Solutions Architect that keep honing, improving, and extending my skills. I am always interested to Web3 and have participated in few hackathons like in Gitcoin, DevPost, although not submitting to each of them (only some percentage). I am proficient in cloud and software developments using AWS, Java, javascript, python, NodeJS, C#, Go, and various other languages.	
grailmarket	Tap Option is an innovative, tap-2-earn gamified trading platform that blends the excitement of competition with options trading. Participants begin each tournament with a virtual balance of $100, allowing them to test their skills in a risk-free environment.	
DotConsole	DotConsole is a next gen developer console for Polkadot, built using future-ready library (ReactiveDOT & PAPI)	
reshow	I have three years of experience in web3 development, my team and I are creating an application that will make it as easy as possible to integrate regular users into web3	
Murmur	Murmur is a novel protocol that allows users to create and use a non-custodial crypto wallet without a secret key or mnemonic. The wallet allows users to use a secure OTP (one time passcode) generator in order to authenticate with their wallet. Our protocol, inspired by Hours of Horus, leverages timelock encryption and a secure OTP code generator to enable a secure, time-based, keyless crypto wallet. 	Category 1:(Infrastructure) Polkadot ecological developer tools
Mimir	Mimir is an all-in-one asset management tool tailored specifically for the Polkadot ecosystem's AA functionalities.	
COD	Command-based interface enables trading with speed and precision.	
TBD	TBD	
DotFi	DOTfi is a decentralized finance (DeFi) platform built on the Polkadot network using Substrate, aiming to bring broader DeFi capabilities from other ecosystems into Polkadot. By integrating assets like Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum, etc - DOTfi enables functionalities such as swapping, lending, and borrowing, enhancing interoperability and expanding the range of financial services available to users. The project bridges isolated blockchain ecosystems, fostering a more connected DeFi landscape within Polkadot.	Category 3: (Chain ) Building a blockchain based on Polkadot SDK
ReLeaf	ReLeaf Wallet: the platform for payments, savings and cards, designed for the Polkadot ecosystem, which integrates Moonbeam SDKs and Precompiles to offer a complete and simple experience to users.	
Relay	Relay is an innovative solution that bridges the Internet of Things (IoT) with the Polkadot ecosystem, enabling seamless cryptocurrency payments for shop owners using DOT and other parachain assets. 	
LibMarket	LibMarket aims to explore the possibility of decentralized e-commerce platforms, uses Polkadot's relay chain and parachain architecture to achieve interoperability between different blockchains, support cross-chain asset transactions and data exchange, and through this feature of Polkadot, realize a Defi platform with free transactions based on C2C mode, aiming to provide a free trade market system. 	
zkLogin	The zkLogin project aims to simplify the user interact experience, enable large-scale onboarding of Web2 users, create a decentralized and privacy-preserving authentication system using zero-knowledge proofs (zk). Traditional authentication systems often require users to remember complex private keys or mnemonic phrases. zkLogin leverages zero-knowledge tools to enable users to prove their identity without revealing any sensitive information, ensuring both security and privacy.	
TBD-DivX	A real-time audio and video service based on distributed network and blockchain.	
Demeter	Demeter is a backtesting framework for Defi of ethereum-like chain. It allows investors test their strategy and evaluate return rate with real market data. At present, demeter support backtest on uniswap v3 and aave v3.Demeter has good testing accuracy, it can calculate income and net worth close to the real world. Demeter has also made some optimizations for backtesting speed.	
Art3mis Oracle	Market crashed and unsure if you should hodl? (you should always though) At a career crossroad? Not sure if you should breakup? (or marry them??) Or simply just checking the fortune of the day. This is the gadget to try: your onestop on-chain AI fortune master. Get a glimpse of your future today, (only cost a teeny tiny crypto currency)	
Keyring	Keyring hardware wallet brings the financial card experience to blockchain. It allows users to transfer or teleport assets, staking the native token, interact with DApps, etc.	Category 1:(Infrastructure) Polkadot ecological developer tools
Trypto	Trypto is a Polkadot-based permission control infrastructure for artificial intelligence and other distributed computing applications.	
HyperAgile	Our team is looking for a solution to make on-chain automation integration easy in real-life.	Category 4: Open topic
BitoBridge	Integrate Bitcoin's full-chain bridge capabilities with the Polkadot ecosystem.	
Figo	i'm a developer that really enthusiast in web3 and blockchain technology, I did like to build any projects that is really fun and innovative idea. I learnt MERN stack, AI model training and developing smart contracts	"Category 2: (Hot) Smart Contract, DeFi, AI, Layer2, DePIN, etc."
zk-omni	This project is built for improving the practicability of an open-source protocol.This protocol is also proposed by us, named Omniverse DLT.	Category 1:(Infrastructure) Polkadot ecological developer tools
NFT Search	NFT Search is an AI-driven cross-modal search engine based on semantic understanding. As a fundamental infrastructure for Web3.0, it allows users to perform token-level searches across hundreds of millions of NFTs using just textual descriptions or image prompts. Leveraging this powerful engine, we also offer personalized NFT recommendations and counterfeit NFT detection, enhancing user experience and security in the digital asset space.	
TBD-KeShin	I have been in the Web3 industry for 3 years and have studied Polkadot introductory and advanced courses. The category of the competition is undecided.	
NFT Swap	NFT Swap is a revolutionary NFT asset trading platform aimed at igniting the vibrancy of the NFT market and delivering an unprecedented trading experience. Beyond standard NFT buying and selling, it innovatively allows users to exchange NFTs for other NFTs, merge multiple NFTs for trading, and trade partial ownership shares of NFTs. NFT Swap is dedicated to maximizing the liquidity and composability of NFT assets, unlocking novel possibilities for NFT trading and fostering the continued prosperity of the NFT ecosystem.	"Category 2: (Hot) Smart Contract, DeFi, AI, Layer2, DePIN, etc."
Smarter 	Smarter is a NFT aggregator and derivative marketplace.	
Plink	Plink is a project that brings Nostr to the Polkadot ecosystem, enhancing the Nostr protocol by providing social data persistence and bridging Polkadot to Nostr.	"Category 2: (Hot) Smart Contract, DeFi, AI, Layer2, DePIN, etc."
Openid3	Openid3 is a proof-of-humanity infrastructure tailored for the Polkadot ecosystem. It uses passport NFC chips and ZKP technology to achieve on-chain verification of passport legitimacy. This ensures that each on-chain account can verify data such as nationality, age, and gender without exposing any sensitive information. It provides a robust foundational design for the Polkadot ecosystem, effectively supporting areas such as Sybil resistance, decentralized KYC, and DID.	
LuckyFT	Web3 practitioner, conceiving and developing lucky FT.	
Super Fair Governance	The Super Fair Governance chain is an L1 chain based on decentralized decision making, where all applications in the chain meet the requirements of decentralized decision-making: Decentralized decision-making technique is a different concept from decentralized execution. It is a result-oriented decision-making method that aims to satisfy the personal preferences of all participants.	Category 3: (Chain ) Building a blockchain based on Polkadot SDK
ChimeMint	Calvin Li, a seasoned developer with over 20 years of experience in different technology industries, with an academic background in AI. Winner of Linea DevCook hackathon.	
Nextmate.AI	Nextmate.ai — Your Web3 + AI Future Companion. Nextmate.ai is an industry-innovative project that combines Web3, AI, and gamified education (GamEducation) to revolutionize emotional companionship. It integrates advanced AI technology with engaging gamified experiences to provide users with a growth companion. Through innovative interactive scenarios and open-ended plot exploration, Nextmate.ai offers users more engaging, supporting, and enriching experiences for emotional companionship, language learning, and shared growth.	
PensiveFlix	PensiveFlix is an open-source NFT platform designed to address the needs of paid knowledge sharing and digital rights verification. By leveraging privacy computing technology, it safeguards users' intellectual property within a trusted environment. NFT holders have the authority to manage the ownership of this intellectual property. The platform consists of a blockchain built on Substrate and an application protected by privacy computing technology.	
Sandglass	Sandglass is a decentralized currency mixer protocol that enhances privacy in token transactions within the Polkadot/Substrate ecosystem.	"Category 2: (Hot) Smart Contract, DeFi, AI, Layer2, DePIN, etc."
TBD-王小明	Brand full-case designer, design thinking, product thinking, want to make interesting applications, almost everything except code	
AI-LINK	AI-LINK is a Byzantine-Robust Circuit designed to ensure privacy and data sovereignty. It leverages smart contracts to connect Polkadot's storage and computing resources, enabling secure AI training and applications while safeguarding the user's original data from exposure.	"Category 2: (Hot) Smart Contract, DeFi, AI, Layer2, DePIN, etc."
PolkaUnity	This project aims to create a universal Web3 wallet SDK as a middleware layer that enables developers to easily integrate wallet functionality, decentralized identity (DID), and social media into any project. The SDK will provide simple API calls, reducing development complexity while offering users a seamless Web3 experience. Target Audience: All Web3 application developers, decentralized application (DApp) projects, and projects needing social media integration.	
Attornato	Attornato is a decentralized platform that allows public users to customize and execute legal agreements for trading real-world assets (RWA) using blockchain technology. The platform will enable users to tokenize their assets, create and manage smart contract-based agreements, and ensure verification and compliance through a decentralized network, involving professional legal nodes.	
Polkarena	Passionate Full Stack Developer and Blockchain Enthusiast with a strong foundation in Computer Science. I thrive on solving complex challenges and creating innovative solutions that leverage cutting-edge technologies. Proficient in JavaScript, Python, SQL, and Solidity, I excel in developing web applications and decentralized platforms. My experience with frameworks like Django, NextJS, and Flask, coupled with my expertise in database management (MySQL, SQLite, MongoDB), empowers me to build scalable and efficient systems.	
TBD	I am currently working with Polkassembly which is a polkadot.js governance platform and learning alot of new thing regarding substrate	
djibike 电加单车	djibike，用web3技术赋能升级骑行产品、骑行比赛及活动	
BubbleDot	BubbleDOT is an AI-powered coding assistant that can generate entire project folders; simplify the process of creating, testing, and deploying blockchain applications, leveraging AI to streamline every step from smart contract development to Polkadot deployment.
```
